a52dec                              extra
aalib                               extra
accounts-qml-module                 extra
accountsservice                     extra
acl                                 core
acpi                                community
acpid                               community
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts         extra
adwaita-icon-theme                  extra
alacritty                           community
alsa-card-profiles                  extra
alsa-firmware                       extra
alsa-lib                            extra
alsa-oss                            extra
alsa-plugins                        extra
alsa-topology-conf                  extra
alsa-ucm-conf                       extra
alsa-utils                          extra
amd-ucode                           core
android-tools                       community
android-udev                        community
ant                                 extra
anttweakbar                         AUR
aom                                 extra
apparmor                            extra
appimagelauncher                    community
appimagetool-bin                    AUR
appstream                           extra
appstream-glib                      extra
appstream-qt                        extra
apr                                 extra
apr-util                            extra
archlinux-appstream-data            extra
archlinux-keyring                   core
argon2                              core
aria2                               community
ark                                 extra
asciidoc                            community
aspnet-targeting-pack               community
at-spi2-atk                         extra
at-spi2-core                        extra
atk                                 extra
atkmm                               extra
atlauncher                          AUR
attica                              extra
attr                                core
audiofile                           extra
audit                               core
autoconf                            core
automake                            core
avahi                               extra
aws-cli                             community
b43-fwcutter                        core
babl                                extra
baloo                               extra
baloo-widgets                       extra
bash                                core
bash-completion                     extra
bashrc-manjaro                      core
bat                                 community
bc                                  extra
bcg729                              community
bcprov                              extra
binutils                            core
bison                               core
blas                                extra
bluedevil                           extra
bluez                               extra
bluez-libs                          extra
bluez-qt                            extra
bluez-utils                         extra
bmake                               community
boost-libs                          extra
botan                               extra
box2d                               extra
bpytop                              community
breath2-icon-themes                 community
breath2-wallpaper                   community
breeze                              extra
breeze-icons                        extra
bridge-utils                        extra
brltty                              extra
brotli                              core
btrfs-progs                         core
bubblewrap                          extra
bzip2                               core
c-ares                              extra
ca-certificates                     core
ca-certificates-mozilla             core
ca-certificates-utils               core
caffeine-ng                         community
cairo                               extra
cairomm                             extra
cantarell-fonts                     extra
cantata                             community
cdparanoia                          extra
cdrdao                              extra
cdrtools                            community
celt                                extra
ceph-libs                           community
cfitsio                             extra
cheese                              extra
chromaprint                         extra
cifs-utils                          extra
ckbcomp                             extra
clucene                             extra
clutter                             extra
clutter-gst                         extra
clutter-gtk                         extra
cmake                               extra
cogl                                extra
colord                              extra
colord-sane                         extra
confuse                             community
containerd                          community
convertlit                          extra
coreutils                           core
cpio                                extra
cpupower                            community
cracklib                            core
crda                                core
cronie                              core
cryptsetup                          core
cups                                extra
cups-filters                        extra
cups-pdf                            extra
cups-pk-helper                      extra
curl                                core
dav1d                               extra
db                                  core
dbus                                core
dbus-glib                           extra
dbus-python                         extra
dconf                               extra
ddcutil                             extra
desktop-file-utils                  extra
detox                               community
device-mapper                       core
dhclient                            extra
dhcpcd                              core
diffutils                           core
ding-libs                           core
discord                             community
discount                            extra
djvulibre                           extra
dkms                                extra
dmidecode                           extra
dmraid                              core
dnsmasq                             extra
dnssec-anchors                      core
docbook-xml                         extra
docbook-xsl                         extra
docker                              community
docker-compose                      community
dolphin                             extra
dolphin-plugins                     extra
dosfstools                          core
dotnet-host                         community
dotnet-runtime                      community
dotnet-sdk                          community
dotnet-targeting-pack               community
double-conversion                   extra
dtc                                 community
dvd+rw-tools                        extra
e2fsprogs                           core
easy-rsa                            extra
ebook-tools                         extra
ebtables                            AUR
ecryptfs-utils                      community
editorconfig-core-c                 extra
efibootmgr                          core
efivar                              core
egl-wayland                         extra
eglexternalplatform                 extra
eigen                               extra
electron                            community
electron13                          community
elfutils                            core
emovix                              community
enca                                extra
enchant                             extra
exfatprogs                          community
exiv2                               extra
expat                               core
f2fs-tools                          extra
faac                                extra
faad2                               extra
fakeroot                            core
feh                                 extra
ffmpeg                              extra
ffmpegthumbs                        extra
fftw                                extra
file                                core
filelight                           extra
filesystem                          core
findutils                           core
fio                                 community
firefox                             extra
firefox-i18n-en-us                  extra
firefox-i18n-it                     extra
flac                                extra
flameshot                           community
flashrom                            community
flatpak                             extra
flex                                core
fluent-reader                       AUR
fluidsynth                          extra
flutter                             AUR
fmt                                 extra
fontconfig                          extra
foomatic-db                         extra
foomatic-db-engine                  extra
foomatic-db-gutenprint-ppds         extra
frameworkintegration                extra
freealut                            extra
freeglut                            extra
freetype2                           extra
frei0r-plugins                      community
fribidi                             extra
fuse-common                         extra
fuse-overlayfs                      community
fuse2                               extra
fuse3                               extra
fwupd                               community
fwupd-efi                           community
fzf                                 community
game-devices-udev                   community
gavl                                community
gawk                                core
gc                                  extra
gcab                                extra
gcc                                 core
gcc-libs                            core
gconf                               community
gcr                                 extra
gd                                  extra
gdbm                                core
gdk-pixbuf2                         extra
gegl                                extra
geoclue                             extra
geocode-glib                        extra
gettext                             core
ghostscript                         extra
giflib                              extra
gimp                                extra
gimp-help-en                        community
gimp-help-it                        community
git                                 extra
github-cli                          community
gitkraken                           AUR
glew                                extra
glib-networking                     extra
glib2                               core
glibc                               core
glibmm                              extra
glm                                 community
glslang                             extra
glu                                 extra
glusterfs                           community
gmp                                 core
gnome-desktop                       extra
gnome-icon-theme                    community
gnome-icon-theme-symbolic           extra
gnome-keyring                       extra
gnome-themes-extra                  extra
gnome-video-effects                 extra
gnupg                               core
gnustep-base                        community
gnutls                              core
go                                  community
gobject-introspection-runtime       extra
google-chrome                       AUR
gpart                               extra
gparted                             extra
gperftools                          extra
gpgme                               core
gping                               community
gpm                                 core
gptfdisk                            extra
grantlee                            extra
graphene                            extra
graphite                            extra
graphviz                            extra
grep                                core
groff                               core
grub                                core
grub-theme-manjaro                  extra
gsettings-desktop-schemas           extra
gsfonts                             extra
gsl                                 extra
gsm                                 extra
gsmartcontrol                       community
gssdp                               extra
gssproxy                            core
gst-libav                           extra
gst-plugin-pipewire                 extra
gst-plugins-bad                     extra
gst-plugins-bad-libs                extra
gst-plugins-base                    extra
gst-plugins-base-libs               extra
gst-plugins-good                    extra
gst-plugins-ugly                    extra
gstreamer                           extra
gtk-theme-breath                    community
gtk-update-icon-cache               extra
gtk-vnc                             extra
gtk2                                extra
gtk3                                extra
gtkmm3                              extra
gtksourceview3                      extra
gtksourceview4                      extra
gts                                 extra
guile                               extra
gupnp                               extra
gupnp-igd                           extra
gutenprint                          extra
guvcview-common                     community
guvcview-qt                         community
gvfs                                extra
gvfs-afc                            extra
gvfs-gphoto2                        extra
gvfs-mtp                            extra
gvfs-nfs                            extra
gvfs-smb                            extra
gwenview                            extra
gzip                                core
hardinfo                            community
harfbuzz                            extra
harfbuzz-icu                        extra
hddtemp                             extra
hdparm                              core
hicolor-icon-theme                  extra
hidapi                              community
how2                                AUR
hplip                               extra
htop                                extra
http-parser                         extra
hunspell                            extra
hunspell-en_us                      extra
hunspell-it                         community
hwids                               core
hwinfo                              community
hwloc                               extra
hyphen                              extra
hyphen-en                           extra
hyphen-it                           community
iana-etc                            core
ibus                                extra
icu                                 core
ijs                                 extra
illyria-wallpaper                   extra
imagemagick                         extra
imath                               extra
img2pdf                             community
imlib2                              extra
inetutils                           core
iniparser                           extra
inxi                                community
iproute2                            core
iptables                            core
iputils                             core
iso-codes                           extra
iw                                  core
jack2                               extra
jansson                             community
jasper                              extra
java-commons-lang                   community
java-environment-common             extra
java-runtime-common                 extra
jbig2dec                            extra
jdk-openjdk                         extra
jdk8-openjdk                        extra
jemalloc                            extra
jetbrains-toolbox                   AUR
jfsutils                            core
jitsi-meet-desktop                  AUR
jre-openjdk                         extra
jre-openjdk-headless                extra
jre8-openjdk                        extra
jre8-openjdk-headless               extra
js78                                extra
json-c                              core
json-glib                           extra
jsoncpp                             extra
jupyter-nbformat                    community
k3b                                 extra
kaccounts-integration               extra
kaccounts-providers                 extra
kactivities                         extra
kactivities-stats                   extra
kactivitymanagerd                   extra
kaggle-api                          AUR
kamera                              extra
karchive                            extra
kate                                extra
kauth                               extra
kbd                                 core
kbookmarks                          extra
kcalc                               extra
kcmutils                            extra
kcodecs                             extra
kcolorpicker                        extra
kcompletion                         extra
kconfig                             extra
kconfigwidgets                      extra
kcoreaddons                         extra
kcrash                              extra
kdbusaddons                         extra
kde-cli-tools                       extra
kde-gtk-config                      extra
kdeclarative                        extra
kdecoration                         extra
kded                                extra
kdegraphics-thumbnailers            extra
kdelibs4support                     extra
kdenetwork-filesharing              extra
kdeplasma-addons                    extra
kdesu                               extra
kdiskmark                           community
kdnssd                              extra
kdoctools                           extra
kdsoap                              extra
kdsoap-ws-discovery-client          extra
keditbookmarks                      extra
kemoticons                          extra
kernel-alive                        community
key-mapper-git                      AUR
keyutils                            core
kfilemetadata                       extra
kfind                               extra
kgamma5                             extra
kget                                extra
kglobalaccel                        extra
kguiaddons                          extra
khelpcenter                         extra
kholidays                           extra
khotkeys                            extra
khtml                               extra
ki18n                               extra
kiconthemes                         extra
kidletime                           extra
kimageannotator                     extra
kimageformats                       extra
kinfocenter                         extra
kinit                               extra
kio                                 extra
kio-extras                          extra
kio-fuse                            extra
kirigami2                           extra
kitemmodels                         extra
kitemviews                          extra
kjobwidgets                         extra
kjs                                 extra
kmenuedit                           extra
kmod                                core
knewstuff                           extra
knotifications                      extra
knotifyconfig                       extra
konsole                             extra
konversation                        extra
kpackage                            extra
kparts                              extra
kpeople                             extra
kpty                                extra
kquickcharts                        extra
krb5                                core
krfb                                extra
krop                                AUR
krunner                             extra
kscreen                             extra
kscreenlocker                       extra
kservice                            extra
ksshaskpass                         extra
ksysguard                           extra
ksystemlog                          extra
ksystemstats                        extra
ktexteditor                         extra
ktextwidgets                        extra
kunitconversion                     extra
kuserfeedback                       extra
kwallet                             extra
kwallet-pam                         extra
kwalletmanager                      extra
kwayland                            extra
kwayland-integration                extra
kwayland-server                     extra
kwidgetsaddons                      extra
kwin                                extra
kwindowsystem                       extra
kwrited                             extra
kxmlgui                             extra
l-smash                             extra
lame                                extra
lapack                              extra
layer-shell-qt                      extra
lcms2                               extra
ldb                                 extra
ldns                                core
lensfun                             extra
less                                core
lib32-alsa-lib                      multilib
lib32-alsa-plugins                  multilib
lib32-at-spi2-atk                   multilib
lib32-at-spi2-core                  multilib
lib32-atk                           multilib
lib32-brotli                        multilib
lib32-bzip2                         multilib
lib32-cairo                         multilib
lib32-colord                        multilib
lib32-curl                          multilib
lib32-dbus                          multilib
lib32-dconf                         multilib
lib32-e2fsprogs                     multilib
lib32-expat                         multilib
lib32-flac                          multilib
lib32-fontconfig                    multilib
lib32-freetype2                     multilib
lib32-fribidi                       multilib
lib32-gcc-libs                      core
lib32-gdk-pixbuf2                   multilib
lib32-glew                          multilib
lib32-glib-networking               multilib
lib32-glib2                         multilib
lib32-glibc                         core
lib32-glu                           multilib
lib32-gmp                           multilib
lib32-gnutls                        multilib
lib32-gstreamer                     multilib
lib32-gtk3                          multilib
lib32-harfbuzz                      multilib
lib32-icu                           multilib
lib32-json-glib                     multilib
lib32-keyutils                      multilib
lib32-krb5                          multilib
lib32-lcms2                         multilib
lib32-libasyncns                    multilib
lib32-libcanberra                   multilib
lib32-libcap                        multilib
lib32-libcups                       multilib
lib32-libdatrie                     multilib
lib32-libdrm                        multilib
lib32-libelf                        multilib
lib32-libepoxy                      multilib
lib32-libffi                        multilib
lib32-libgcrypt                     multilib
lib32-libglvnd                      multilib
lib32-libgpg-error                  multilib
lib32-libgudev                      multilib
lib32-libgusb                       multilib
lib32-libice                        multilib
lib32-libidn2                       multilib
lib32-libjpeg-turbo                 multilib
lib32-libldap                       multilib
lib32-libltdl                       multilib
lib32-libnsl                        multilib
lib32-libogg                        multilib
lib32-libpciaccess                  multilib
lib32-libpng                        multilib
lib32-libproxy                      multilib
lib32-libpsl                        multilib
lib32-libpulse                      multilib
lib32-librsvg                       multilib
lib32-libsm                         multilib
lib32-libsndfile                    multilib
lib32-libsoup                       multilib
lib32-libssh2                       multilib
lib32-libtasn1                      multilib
lib32-libthai                       multilib
lib32-libtiff                       multilib
lib32-libtirpc                      multilib
lib32-libunistring                  multilib
lib32-libunwind                     multilib
lib32-libusb                        multilib
lib32-libva                         multilib
lib32-libva-intel-driver            multilib
lib32-libva-mesa-driver             multilib
lib32-libva-vdpau-driver            multilib
lib32-libvdpau                      multilib
lib32-libvorbis                     multilib
lib32-libx11                        multilib
lib32-libxau                        multilib
lib32-libxcb                        multilib
lib32-libxcomposite                 multilib
lib32-libxcrypt                     multilib
lib32-libxcursor                    multilib
lib32-libxdamage                    multilib
lib32-libxdmcp                      multilib
lib32-libxext                       multilib
lib32-libxfixes                     multilib
lib32-libxft                        multilib
lib32-libxi                         multilib
lib32-libxinerama                   multilib
lib32-libxkbcommon                  multilib
lib32-libxml2                       multilib
lib32-libxmu                        multilib
lib32-libxrandr                     multilib
lib32-libxrender                    multilib
lib32-libxshmfence                  multilib
lib32-libxss                        multilib
lib32-libxt                         multilib
lib32-libxtst                       multilib
lib32-libxxf86vm                    multilib
lib32-llvm-libs                     multilib
lib32-lm_sensors                    multilib
lib32-mesa                          multilib
lib32-mesa-demos                    multilib
lib32-ncurses                       multilib
lib32-nettle                        multilib
lib32-nspr                          multilib
lib32-nss                           multilib
lib32-nvidia-utils                  multilib
lib32-openssl                       multilib
lib32-opus                          multilib
lib32-p11-kit                       multilib
lib32-pam                           multilib
lib32-pango                         multilib
lib32-pcre                          multilib
lib32-pixman                        multilib
lib32-polkit                        multilib
lib32-readline                      multilib
lib32-rest                          multilib
lib32-sqlite                        multilib
lib32-systemd                       multilib
lib32-tdb                           multilib
lib32-util-linux                    multilib
lib32-vulkan-icd-loader             multilib
lib32-wayland                       multilib
lib32-xz                            multilib
lib32-zlib                          multilib
lib32-zstd                          multilib
libabw                              extra
libaccounts-glib                    extra
libaccounts-qt                      extra
libaio                              core
libao                               extra
libappimage                         extra
libappindicator-gtk2                community
libappindicator-gtk3                community
libarchive                          core
libass                              extra
libassuan                           core
libasyncns                          extra
libatasmart                         extra
libatomic_ops                       extra
libavc1394                          extra
libavif                             community
libavtp                             extra
libblockdev                         extra
libbluray                           extra
libbpf                              extra
libbs2b                             extra
libbsd                              extra
libburn                             extra
libbytesize                         extra
libcaca                             extra
libcacard                           extra
libcanberra                         extra
libcap                              core
libcap-ng                           core
libcddb                             extra
libcdio                             extra
libcdio-paranoia                    extra
libcdr                              extra
libcheese                           extra
libcloudproviders                   extra
libcmis                             extra
libcolord                           extra
libconfig                           community
libcroco                            extra
libcups                             extra
libcurl-gnutls                      community
libdaemon                           extra
libdatrie                           extra
libdbusmenu-glib                    community
libdbusmenu-gtk2                    community
libdbusmenu-gtk3                    community
libdbusmenu-qt5                     extra
libdc1394                           extra
libdca                              extra
libde265                            extra
libdmtx                             extra
libdrm                              extra
libdv                               extra
libdvbpsi                           extra
libdvdcss                           extra
libdvdnav                           extra
libdvdread                          extra
libe-book                           extra
libebml                             extra
libedit                             core
libelf                              core
libepoxy                            extra
libepubgen                          extra
libetonyek                          extra
libevdev                            extra
libevent                            core
libexif                             extra
libexttextcat                       extra
libfbclient                         extra
libfdk-aac                          community
libffi                              core
libfontenc                          extra
libfreeaptx                         extra
libfreehand                         extra
libftdi                             community
libgcrypt                           core
libgee                              extra
libgexiv2                           community
libgit2                             extra
libglvnd                            extra
libgme                              extra
libgnomekbd                         extra
libgpg-error                        core
libgphoto2                          extra
libgudev                            extra
libgusb                             extra
libhandy                            extra
libheif                             extra
libibus                             extra
libical                             extra
libice                              extra
libid3tag                           extra
libidn                              extra
libidn2                             core
libiec61883                         extra
libieee1284                         extra
libimagequant                       community
libimobiledevice                    extra
libindicator-gtk2                   community
libindicator-gtk3                   community
libinih                             core
libinput                            extra
libinstpatch                        extra
libisoburn                          extra
libisofs                            extra
libixion                            extra
libjcat                             community
libjpeg-turbo                       extra
libkate                             extra
libkcddb                            extra
libkdcraw                           extra
libkexiv2                           extra
libkipi                             extra
libksane                            extra
libksba                             core
libkscreen                          extra
libksysguard                        extra
libktorrent                         extra
liblangtag                          extra
libldac                             extra
libldap                             core
liblouis                            extra
liblqr                              extra
liblrdf                             community
libmad                              extra
libmanette                          community
libmatroska                         extra
libmaxminddb                        community
libmbim                             extra
libmd                               community
libmfx                              community
libmicrodns                         extra
libmicrohttpd                       core
libmikmod                           extra
libmm-glib                          extra
libmms                              extra
libmng                              extra
libmnl                              core
libmodplug                          extra
libmpc                              core
libmpcdec                           extra
libmpdclient                        extra
libmpeg2                            extra
libmspub                            extra
libmtp                              extra
libmusicbrainz5                     extra
libmwaw                             extra
libmypaint                          extra
libndp                              extra
libnet                              extra
libnetfilter_conntrack              core
libnewt                             community
libnfnetlink                        core
libnfs                              community
libnftnl                            core
libnghttp2                          core
libnice                             extra
libnl                               core
libnm                               extra
libnotify                           extra
libnsl                              core
libnumbertext                       extra
libnvidia-container                 AUR
libnvidia-container-tools           AUR
libodfgen                           extra
libofa                              extra
libogg                              extra
libomxil-bellagio                   extra
libopenaptx                         61,3 kB
libopenmpt                          extra
liborcus                            extra
libosinfo                           community
libp11-kit                          core
libpagemaker                        extra
libpamac                            extra
libpamac-flatpak-plugin             extra
libpamac-snap-plugin                extra
libpaper                            extra
libpcap                             core
libpciaccess                        extra
libpgm                              community
libpipeline                         core
libplacebo                          extra
libplist                            extra
libpng                              extra
libproxy                            extra
libpsl                              core
libpulse                            extra
libpwquality                        extra
libqaccessibilityclient             extra
libqalculate                        extra
libqmi                              extra
libqrtr-glib                        extra
libqxp                              extra
libraqm                             extra
libratbag                           community
libraw                              extra
libraw1394                          extra
libreoffice-still                   extra
libreoffice-still-it                extra
librevenge                          extra
librsvg                             extra
libsamplerate                       extra
libsasl                             core
libseccomp                          core
libsecret                           core
libshout                            extra
libsidplay                          extra
libsidplayfp                        extra
libsigc++                           extra
libslirp                            community
libsm                               extra
libsmbios                           extra
libsndfile                          extra
libsodium                           extra
libsoup                             extra
libsoup3                            extra
libsoxr                             extra
libspectre                          extra
libspeechd                          extra
libspiro                            extra
libsrtp                             extra
libssh                              extra
libssh2                             core
libstaroffice                       extra
libstemmer                          extra
libtar                              extra
libtasn1                            core
libteam                             extra
libtg_owt                           community
libthai                             extra
libtheora                           extra
libtiff                             extra
libtirpc                            core
libtommath                          extra
libtool                             core
libtorrent-rasterbar                extra
libunistring                        core
libunwind                           extra
libupnp                             extra
liburcu                             community
liburing                            extra
libusb                              core
libusb-compat                       extra
libusbmuxd                          extra
libutempter                         extra
libutf8proc                         community
libuv                               extra
libva                               extra
libva-intel-driver                  extra
libva-mesa-driver                   extra
libva-vdpau-driver                  extra
libvdpau                            extra
libvirt                             community
libvirt-glib                        community
libvirt-python                      community
libvisio                            extra
libvisual                           extra
libvncserver                        extra
libvorbis                           extra
libvpx                              extra
libwacom                            extra
libwebp                             extra
libwmf                              extra
libwpd                              extra
libwpe                              extra
libwpg                              extra
libwps                              extra
libx11                              extra
libx86emu                           community
libxau                              extra
libxaw                              extra
libxcb                              extra
libxcomposite                       extra
libxcrypt                           core
libxcursor                          extra
libxcvt                             extra
libxdamage                          extra
libxdmcp                            extra
libxext                             extra
libxfixes                           extra
libxfont2                           extra
libxft                              extra
libxi                               extra
libxinerama                         extra
libxkbcommon                        extra
libxkbcommon-x11                    extra
libxkbfile                          extra
libxklavier                         extra
libxml2                             extra
libxmlb                             community
libxmu                              extra
libxnvctrl                          extra
libxpm                              extra
libxrandr                           extra
libxrender                          extra
libxres                             extra
libxshmfence                        extra
libxslt                             extra
libxss                              extra
libxt                               extra
libxtst                             extra
libxv                               extra
libxvmc                             extra
libxxf86vm                          extra
libyaml                             extra
libyuv                              community
libzip                              extra
libzmf                              extra
licenses                            core
lilv                                community
linux-api-headers                   core
linux-firmware                      core
linux510                            core
linux510-headers                    core
linux510-nvidia                     extra
linux54                             core
linux54-headers                     core
linux54-nvidia                      extra
lirc                                extra
llvm-libs                           extra
lm_sensors                          extra
lmdb                                extra
logiops                             AUR
logrotate                           core
lpsolve                             extra
lsb-release                         core
lshw                                community
lsof                                extra
lua52                               extra
luajit                              community
luit                                extra
lvm2                                core
lz4                                 core
lzo                                 core
m4                                  core
mailcap                             extra
make                                core
man-db                              core
man-pages                           core
man-pages-it                        community
manjaro-alsa                        extra
manjaro-application-utility         community
manjaro-base-skel                   extra
manjaro-browser-settings            community
manjaro-documentation-en            extra
manjaro-firmware                    extra
manjaro-hello                       extra
manjaro-hotfixes                    core
manjaro-icons                       extra
manjaro-kde-settings                community
manjaro-keyring                     core
manjaro-pipewire                    extra
manjaro-printer                     extra
manjaro-release                     core
manjaro-settings-manager            extra
manjaro-settings-manager-kcm        extra
manjaro-settings-manager-knotifier  extra
manjaro-system                      core
manjaro-wallpapers-18.0             extra
manjaro-zsh-config                  community
marblemarcher-git                   AUR
mariadb-libs                        extra
matray                              community
mbedtls                             community
md4c                                extra
mdadm                               core
media-player-info                   extra
meld                                extra
memtest86+                          extra
mesa                                extra
mesa-demos                          extra
metis                               extra
mhwd                                extra
mhwd-amdgpu                         extra
mhwd-ati                            extra
mhwd-db                             extra
mhwd-nvidia                         extra
mhwd-nvidia-390xx                   extra
mhwd-nvidia-470xx                   extra
micro                               community
milou                               extra
minecraft-launcher                  AUR
minizip                             core
mjpegtools                          extra
mkinitcpio                          core
mkinitcpio-busybox                  core
mkinitcpio-openswap                 extra
mobile-broadband-provider-info      extra
modemmanager                        extra
modemmanager-qt                     extra
mpd                                 extra
mpfr                                core
mpg123                              extra
mplayer                             extra
mpv                                 community
mtdev                               extra
mtools                              extra
mtpfs                               community
mujs                                community
mypaint-brushes1                    extra
nano                                core
ncdu                                community
ncurses                             core
ndctl                               extra
neofetch                            community
neon                                extra
nerd-fonts-noto-sans-mono           community
net-snmp                            extra
net-tools                           core
nethogs                             community
netpbm                              extra
netstandard-targeting-pack          community
nettle                              core
networkmanager                      extra
networkmanager-openconnect          extra
networkmanager-openvpn              extra
networkmanager-pptp                 extra
networkmanager-qt                   extra
networkmanager-vpnc                 extra
nfs-utils                           core
nfsidmap                            core
nilfs-utils                         core
node-gyp                            community
nodejs-google-clasp                 AUR
nodejs-lts-erbium                   community
nodejs-nopt                         community
noto-fonts                          extra
noto-fonts-cjk                      extra
noto-fonts-compat                   community
noto-fonts-emoji                    extra
npm                                 community
npth                                core
nspr                                core
nss                                 core
nss-mdns                            extra
ntfs-3g                             extra
ntp                                 extra
numactl                             extra
numlockx                            community
nvidia-container-runtime            AUR
nvidia-container-toolkit            AUR
nvidia-docker                       AUR
nvidia-utils                        extra
nvm                                 community
oath-toolkit                        community
obs-studio                          community
ocs-url                             AUR
okular                              extra
openal                              extra
openbsd-netcat                      community
openconnect                         extra
opencore-amr                        extra
openexr                             extra
openjpeg2                           extra
openmpi                             extra
openrefine                          AUR
openresolv                          core
openssh                             core
openssl                             core
openvpn                             extra
opus                                extra
orc                                 extra
os-prober                           community
osinfo-db                           community
ostree                              extra
oxygen                              extra
oxygen-icons                        extra
p11-kit                             core
p7zip                               extra
pacman                              core
pacman-mirrors                      core
pahole                              extra
pam                                 core
pamac-cli                           extra
pamac-gtk                           extra
pamac-tray-icon-plasma              extra
pambase                             core
pango                               extra
pangomm                             extra
parted                              extra
patch                               core
pciutils                            core
pcre                                core
pcre2                               core
pcsclite                            community
pdftk                               community
perl                                core
perl-alien-build                    extra
perl-alien-libxml2                  extra
perl-capture-tiny                   extra
perl-clone                          extra
perl-dbi                            extra
perl-encode-locale                  extra
perl-error                          extra
perl-ffi-checklib                   extra
perl-file-basedir                   extra
perl-file-chdir                     community
perl-file-desktopentry              extra
perl-file-listing                   extra
perl-file-mimeinfo                  extra
perl-file-which                     extra
perl-html-parser                    extra
perl-html-tagset                    extra
perl-http-cookies                   extra
perl-http-daemon                    extra
perl-http-date                      extra
perl-http-message                   extra
perl-http-negotiate                 extra
perl-io-html                        extra
perl-ipc-system-simple              extra
perl-libwww                         extra
perl-lwp-mediatypes                 extra
perl-mailtools                      extra
perl-net-http                       extra
perl-parse-yapp                     community
perl-path-tiny                      community
perl-rename                         community
perl-timedate                       extra
perl-try-tiny                       extra
perl-uri                            extra
perl-www-robotrules                 extra
perl-xml-libxml                     extra
perl-xml-namespacesupport           extra
perl-xml-parser                     extra
perl-xml-sax                        extra
perl-xml-sax-base                   extra
perl-xml-writer                     community
pewpew-git                          AUR
phodav                              community
phonon-qt5                          extra
phonon-qt5-gstreamer                extra
pigz                                community
pinentry                            core
piper                               community
pipewire                            extra
pipewire-alsa                       extra
pipewire-jack                       extra
pipewire-media-session              extra
pipewire-pulse                      extra
pipewire-zeroconf                   extra
pixman                              extra
pkcs11-helper                       extra
pkgconf                             core
pkgfile                             extra
plasma-browser-integration          extra
plasma-desktop                      extra
plasma-framework                    extra
plasma-integration                  extra
plasma-nm                           extra
plasma-pa                           extra
plasma-sdk                          extra
plasma-simplemenu                   community
plasma-workspace                    extra
plasma-workspace-wallpapers         extra
plasma5-themes-breath2              community
png++                               community
polkit                              extra
polkit-kde-agent                    extra
polkit-qt5                          extra
poppler                             extra
poppler-data                        extra
poppler-glib                        extra
poppler-qt5                         extra
popt                                core
portaudio                           extra
postgresql-libs                     extra
powerdevil                          extra
powertop                            community
ppp                                 core
pptpclient                          core
print-manager                       extra
prison                              extra
procps-ng                           core
protobuf                            extra
protobuf-c                          extra
psmisc                              core
pulseaudio-alsa                     extra
pulseaudio-ctl                      community
purpose                             extra
python                              core
python-appdirs                      extra
python-argcomplete                  community
python-attrs                        extra
python-bcrypt                       community
python-beautifulsoup4               community
python-bluetooth-battery            AUR
python-botocore                     community
python-cachecontrol                 community
python-cached-property              community
python-cairo                        extra
python-certifi                      community
python-cffi                         extra
python-chardet                      extra
python-click                        community
python-colorama                     community
python-contextlib2                  community
python-cryptography                 extra
python-dateutil                     community
python-decorator                    community
python-distlib                      community
python-distro                       community
python-dnspython                    community
python-docker                       community
python-docker-pycreds               community
python-dockerpty                    community
python-docopt                       community
python-docutils                     community
python-dotenv                       community
python-evdev                        extra
python-ewmh                         community
python-gitdb                        community
python-gitpython                    community
python-gobject                      extra
python-gpgme                        core
python-html5lib                     community
python-idna                         extra
python-importlib-metadata           community
python-jmespath                     community
python-jsonschema                   community
python-jupyter_core                 community
python-keyutils                     community
python-lxml                         extra
python-markdown                     community
python-more-itertools               community
python-msgpack                      community
python-nbdime                       AUR
python-npyscreen                    community
python-ordered-set                  extra
python-packaging                    extra
python-paramiko                     community
python-pep517                       extra
python-pikepdf                      community
python-pillow                       community
python-pip                          extra
python-ply                          extra
python-poppler-qt5                  community
python-progress                     community
python-psutil                       community
python-pulsectl                     community
python-pyasn1                       extra
python-pybluez                      community
python-pycparser                    extra
python-pycups                       extra
python-pycurl                       extra
python-pydbus                       community
python-pynacl                       community
python-pyopenssl                    extra
python-pyparsing                    extra
python-pypdf2                       community
python-pyqt5                        extra
python-pyqt5-sip                    extra
python-pyrsistent                   community
python-pysmbc                       extra
python-pysocks                      community
python-pyudev                       community
python-pyxdg                        extra
python-reportlab                    community
python-requests                     extra
python-resolvelib                   extra
python-retrying                     extra
python-rsa                          community
python-s3transfer                   community
python-setproctitle                 community
python-setuptools                   extra
python-sip4                         extra
python-six                          extra
python-slugify                      community
python-smmap                        community
python-soupsieve                    community
python-termcolor                    community
python-text-unidecode               community
python-texttable                    community
python-toml                         community
python-tomli                        extra
python-tornado                      community
python-tqdm                         community
python-traitlets                    community
python-urllib3                      extra
python-webencodings                 community
python-websocket-client             community
python-xlib                         community
python-yaml                         community
python-zipp                         community
python2                             extra
qbittorrent                         community
qca-qt5                             extra
qemu                                extra
qgpgme                              core
qpdf                                extra
qqc2-desktop-style                  extra
qrencode                            extra
qt5-base                            extra
qt5-declarative                     extra
qt5-graphicaleffects                extra
qt5-imageformats                    extra
qt5-location                        extra
qt5-multimedia                      extra
qt5-quickcontrols                   extra
qt5-quickcontrols2                  extra
qt5-script                          extra
qt5-sensors                         extra
qt5-speech                          extra
qt5-svg                             extra
qt5-tools                           extra
qt5-translations                    extra
qt5-virtualkeyboard                 extra
qt5-wayland                         extra
qt5-webchannel                      extra
qt5-webengine                       extra
qt5-webkit                          extra
qt5-x11extras                       extra
qtkeychain-qt5                      extra
raptor                              extra
rasqal                              extra
rav1e                               extra
rclone                              community
re2                                 extra
readline                            core
realvnc-vnc-viewer                  AUR
recode                              extra
redland                             extra
redshift                            community
reiserfsprogs                       core
rest                                extra
rhash                               extra
rnnoise                             community
rpcbind                             core
rpcsvc-proto                        extra
rsync                               extra
rtkit                               extra
rtmpdump                            extra
rubberband                          community
ruby                                extra
ruby-irb                            community
ruby-reline                         community
rubygems                            extra
run-parts                           core
runc                                community
s-nail                              core
samba                               extra
sane                                extra
sbc                                 extra
screenfetch                         community
sddm                                extra
sddm-breath2-theme                  community
sddm-kcm                            extra
sdl                                 community
sdl2                                extra
sdl2_image                          extra
seabios                             extra
seahorse                            extra
sed                                 core
semver                              community
serd                                community
serf                                extra
sfml                                community
shaderc                             extra
shadow                              core
shared-mime-info                    extra
signon-kwallet-extension            extra
signon-plugin-oauth2                extra
signon-ui                           extra
signond                             extra
skanlite                            extra
slang                               extra
smartmontools                       extra
smbclient                           extra
snapd                               extra
snapd-glib                          extra
snappy                              extra
socat                               extra
sof-firmware                        extra
solaar                              community
solid                               extra
sonnet                              extra
sord                                community
sound-theme-freedesktop             extra
soundtouch                          extra
source-highlight                    extra
spandsp                             extra
spectacle                           extra
spectre-meltdown-checker            community
speedtest-cli                       community
speex                               extra
speexdsp                            extra
spice                               extra
spice-gtk                           community
spice-vdagent                       community
spirv-tools                         extra
splix                               community
spotify                             AUR
sqlite                              core
sqlitebrowser                       community
squashfs-tools                      extra
squashfuse                          extra
sratom                              community
srt                                 extra
sshfs                               community
steam-manjaro                       multilib
stoken                              extra
subversion                          extra
sudo                                core
suitesparse                         extra
svt-av1                             extra
svt-hevc                            community
syndication                         extra
syntax-highlighting                 extra
sysfsutils                          core
sysstat                             community
system-config-printer               extra
systemd                             core
systemd-fsck-silent                 extra
systemd-kcm                         community
systemd-libs                        core
systemd-sysvcompat                  core
systemsettings                      extra
taglib                              extra
talloc                              extra
tar                                 core
tbb                                 extra
tcl                                 extra
tdb                                 extra
teams                               AUR
telegram-desktop                    community
terminus-font                       community
termius                             AUR
tevent                              extra
texinfo                             core
texlive-full                        AUR
thin-provisioning-tools             core
threadweaver                        extra
timeshift                           community
timeshift-autosnap                  AUR
tk                                  extra
tldr                                community
tlp                                 community
topgrade                            community
tor                                 community
torbrowser-launcher                 community
tpm2-tss                            community
traceroute                          core
tracker3                            extra
transcode                           community
tree                                extra
tslib                               extra
ttf-dejavu                          extra
ttf-droid                           community
ttf-fira-code                       community
ttf-hack                            extra
ttf-inconsolata                     community
ttf-indic-otf                       community
ttf-liberation                      community
ttf-opensans                        community
twolame                             community
tzdata                              core
uchardet                            extra
udftools                            community
udiskie                             community
udisks2                             extra
unarchiver                          community
unixodbc                            core
unzip                               extra
upower                              extra
usb_modeswitch                      community
usbmuxd                             extra
usbredir                            community
usbutils                            core
util-linux                          core
util-linux-libs                     core
v4l-utils                           extra
v4l2loopback-dkms                   community
v4l2ucp                             AUR
v86d                                extra
vamp-plugin-sdk                     community
vcdimager                           extra
vde2                                extra
vdhcoapp                            AUR
ventoy-bin                          AUR
vi                                  core
vid.stab                            extra
vim                                 extra
vim-runtime                         extra
vim-spell-en                        community
vim-spell-it                        community
virglrenderer                       extra
virt-install                        community
virt-manager                        community
visual-studio-code-bin              AUR
vlc                                 extra
vmaf                                community
volume_key                          extra
vpnc                                extra
vte-common                          extra
vte3                                extra
vulkan-icd-loader                   extra
vulkan-tools                        extra
wallpapers-2018                     community
wallpapers-juhraya                  extra
wavpack                             extra
wayland                             extra
wayland-protocols                   extra
wayland-utils                       extra
web-installer-url-handler           community
webkit2gtk                          extra
webrtc-audio-processing             extra
wget                                extra
which                               core
wildmidi                            extra
wireless-regdb                      core
wireless_tools                      core
wireshark-cli                       community
wireshark-qt                        community
wmctrl                              community
woff-fira-code                      community
woff2                               extra
woff2-fira-code                     community
wol                                 community
wpa_supplicant                      core
wpebackend-fdo                      extra
x264                                extra
x265                                extra
xapian-core                         extra
xapp                                community
xawtv                               extra
xbitmaps                            extra
xcb-proto                           extra
xcb-util                            extra
xcb-util-cursor                     extra
xcb-util-image                      extra
xcb-util-keysyms                    extra
xcb-util-renderutil                 extra
xcb-util-wm                         extra
xclip                               extra
xdg-dbus-proxy                      extra
xdg-desktop-portal                  extra
xdg-desktop-portal-kde              extra
xdg-user-dirs                       extra
xdg-utils                           extra
xdotool                             community
xf86-input-elographics              extra
xf86-input-evdev                    extra
xf86-input-libinput                 extra
xf86-input-void                     extra
xfsprogs                            core
xkeyboard-config                    extra
xmlsec                              extra
xorg-fonts-alias-misc               extra
xorg-fonts-encodings                extra
xorg-fonts-misc                     extra
xorg-mkfontscale                    extra
xorg-server                         extra
xorg-server-common                  extra
xorg-setxkbmap                      extra
xorg-twm                            extra
xorg-xauth                          extra
xorg-xdpyinfo                       extra
xorg-xev                            extra
xorg-xhost                          extra
xorg-xinit                          extra
xorg-xinput                         extra
xorg-xkbcomp                        extra
xorg-xkill                          extra
xorg-xmessage                       extra
xorg-xmodmap                        extra
xorg-xprop                          extra
xorg-xrandr                         extra
xorg-xrdb                           extra
xorg-xset                           extra
xorg-xsetroot                       extra
xorg-xwininfo                       extra
xorgproto                           extra
xprintidle                          community
xterm                               extra
xvidcore                            extra
xxhash                              community
xz                                  core
yajl                                extra
yakuake                             extra
yarn                                community
yasm                                extra
youtube-dl                          community
zbar                                extra
zenity                              extra
zensu                               community
zeromq                              community
zimg                                extra
zip                                 extra
zita-alsa-pcmi                      extra
zita-resampler                      extra
zlib                                core
zoom                                AUR
zsh                                 extra
zsh-autosuggestions                 community
zsh-completions                     community
zsh-history-substring-search        community
zsh-syntax-highlighting             community
zsh-theme-powerlevel10k             community
zstd                                core
zvbi                                extra
zxing-cpp                           extra
zziplib                             extra
